---
layout: post
title: "Results"
author: "Ryshant Padarath & Sherlin Chand "
categories: facts
tags: [sample]
image: 567192A7-58DF-451D-BAE6-B6FF1E217D90.jpeg
---
1)Raw Data
After generating the raw dataset of the forward and inverse kinematics, the dataset was trained using shallow neural network with the Levenberg-Marquardt training algorithm

Figure 1: training algorithm of the Raw

 
Figure 2: Performance graph of the raw data

2) Normalized Data 
Forward kinematics and inverse kinematics were both normalized and the normalized dataset was trained with the training algorithm Levenberg – Marquardt. 

 
Figure 3: Model Summary of the normalized dataset.

 
Figure 4: Performance graph of the normalized dataset.

3)Normalised PCA data 

Principle component analysis is a form of dimensionality reduction technique. PCA was used to reduce the dimensionality of the dataset. PCA was performed on both forward kinematic and inverse kinematics. The dataset was trained with the training algorithm Levenberg Marquardt. The results for the trained dataset are as shown. 
 
Figure 5: Model summary for normalized PCA dataset


 
Figure 6: Performance graph of the model

4)Bayesian Regularization training algorithm (Raw data)
This portion of the project was the team to observe the behavior of the different training algorithm (Bayesian Regularization). The result is as shown 

Figure 11: Performance graph of the raw data with training algorithm Bayesian Regularization with the test performance of 0.2361

